>> Mike North: We are going to learn how
to defend against a clickjacking attack
and we're gonna do it in a way that will
give us some safety in older browsers and
in modern ones, so
the first thing we'll need to do is.
I'm just gonna grab these
snippets of code here.
And we're gonna put them into basically
the equivalent of our index.html.
So this here is the script,
we'll put it down here.
>> Mike North: And
indent that in a little bit.
Before I go too much farther here,
I wanna just show you
what this self in this
top thing actually does.
So self is gonna give you window.
Top is another global variable
that gives you window as well.
If we look at our clickjacking example and
turn that opacity back up
>> Mike North: And
we just need DevTools here.
So I'm gonna use my console, and
I wanna execute from this frame here.
So you can drop down from
the top of your console.
You can pick which frame you want.
The rest of these are extensions.
So here self is that window.
Top is a different window.
>> Mike North: So
that's,
this code is sandbox so
I can't access the outer location.
That's fine, though.
We do know that top and
self are not equal.
Whereas in the case where
we're running in full screen,
>> Mike North: They are equal.
So our check is based around that.
So going back to the slides, we'll grab
this style thing, and where we're at now,
effectively, is we can add this style.
It has the tag in it too.
>> Mike North: And
walking through once more, basically
if we find that self does equal top
that means we're not currently
being framed inside something.
And we will remove the clickjack
style element up here,
which until that point has been hiding of
the content from the browser,
so no one can click on that.
Finally, in the event that
we find something amiss,
we will attempt to navigate the outer
frame now this is not going to cause
our JS Bin to necessarily
go to the other frame
because we're sandboxed we'll have
to actually see what happens.
So in this situation we're
just gonna set a header and
it's gonna be x-frame-options.
And I'm just gonna say, deny.
We don't need anything special there.
We have no need to iFrame this app,
and so we're not gonna add that.
Okay, so refresh.
>> Mike North: Must be a valid HTTP token.
Validated header?
What am I doing wrong here?
>> Mike North: Sorry,
it's comma separated.
It's not an object.
>> Mike North: And
the complaint now is,
let's just restart it.
>> Mike North: Come on.
>> Mike North: All right something's not
happy.
>> Student: You need to add next.
>> Mike North: Add a next.
Thank you.
Sorry.
>> Mike North: There we go.
Okay, so,
we're getting something that we expected,
which the in line script we added.
That needs to be added to our content
security policy so that we can be sure,
like if someone manages to inject
something into that somehow.
That would script-src we can just add
another element here that looks like that
you have to keep the sha inside
quotes as well and now we're back.
So now that we're serving this up
let's see what happens over here.
If we run this code again,
we get an error saying it refused
to display local host 3000 in a frame
because X-Frame-Options was set to deny.
So essentially,
we have mitigated this risk.
We're no longer susceptible
to clickjacking attacks.